and we're back at the damn ma market
and we just order from them
batch of fresh calamari they're going to
cut the split up for us pick it up fresh
farmers market
he drink
water
nice
whatever you right now
booster shot
spice it up
at this
Vsauce
sweet
you tell me where
not again
I want to show you something else
Jamie
and you know what I found
watching me talking mr.
they don't know how crazy I really
they're back they're working on
something we ordered we're going to show
you sochi in a minute
research something else
yes
calamari make sure you
hello bear told me to mention you that
he likes the tentacles
a little touchy-feely things from sweat
I like to tether goes to but he likes
some every way to go
inside of a coconut
we gave us one spoon
ok
Oh
here is going down on the fruit salad in
the coconut here
oh hello
bananas
all in one big bowl
No
we shave ice is helping yes
Lucia
now we're going to go to a grocery store
call sharp wise I don't know if they'll
let me take pictures inside but if they
do
I want to show you picture this guy in
there that works on rollerblades keeping
people right here like a port where
everybody can catch it easily to go
somewhere over there is araneta center
it used to be the largest inside
Coliseum in Asia it still it's all under
a roof and it's still one of the largest
in Asia but not the largest anymore but
anyway there's the farmers market where
we just left but right over there
there's a mall call the farmers mall
farmers plaza right and then over there
there's another mall and there's gateway
mall and then way down there was going
to see that there's it's not really a
mall but it's sm
department store sm means schumer but
they built malls around those things
some of the biggest malls you've ever
seen in your life anyway all right let's
go here we go
you